[CUBRIDMAN-97] Archive log is written as being in the permanent volume. (#323)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/db_manage.rst

*   In the permanent volumes,

    *   there are data volumes, that usually store permanent data, but can also store temporary data.

>     *   there is the active log volume, that stores active log.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   there is the active log volume, that stores late log records.
```

    
*   In the temporary volumes,

>     *   there are temporary temp volumes, that can store temporary data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   there are temporary temp volumes, that store temporary data.
```

>     *   there are archive volumes, that store archive logs and there is one background archiving log volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   there are archive volumes and one background archiving log volume to store old log records.
```

*   In the permanent volumes,

    *   there are data volumes, that usually store permanent data, but can also store temporary data.

>     *   there is the active log volume, that includes late changes of log records.

Reviewer 2: I think it seems weird. 
```suggestion
    *   there is the active log volume, that includes late changes of database.
```

Author: I should read or ask about the concepts about log and then I will answer this.

Reviewer 2: the 'log record's contain changes in the database. And the set of 'log records' is the log volume. 'log record' is not changed after being logged.

Author: Now I can understand why `late changes of log records` is weird sentence. So, I checked whether similar sentence exists. I will apply it thank you!

    
*   In the temporary volumes,

>     *   there are temporary temp volumes, that store temporary data.

Reviewer 2: is it right to use 'that' after comma?

Author: @charischau Charis, How do you think about this?

Reviewer 3: In my point of view, 'that' after comma might be the correct expression. 
(reference: https://jakubmarian.com/comma-before-that-and-which/). 

I would recommend remove all comma before 'that' or 'which'. :)
```suggestion
    *   there are temporary temp volumes that store temporary data.
```

Author: Thank you! I will apply it :)

>     *   there are archive log volumes, that store exhausted archive logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   there are archive log volumes, that store exhausted logs from the active log.
```

>     *   there is one background archiving log volume, that usually store permanent data, but can also store temporary data.

Reviewer: A description for temp volumes

>     *   there is one background archive log volume, that use to store archive log in the background.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    *   there is one background archive log volume, that is used to store archive log in the background.
```

or

```suggestion
    *   there is one background archive log volume, that store archive log in the background.
```

Author: `here is one background archive log volume, that store's' archive log in the background.` I will append 's' behind the store. Would it be better?

*   In the permanent volumes,

    *   there are data volumes, that usually store permanent data, but can also store temporary data.

>     *   there is the log volume, that can be further classified as: one active log.

Reviewer 4: Why does it need to 'classify'? This just says 'one active log'.

Author: ```suggestion
    *   there is the log volume, that can be further classified as: one active log.
```
```suggestion
    *   there is the one log volume: active log.
```

Author: How about this fix?

>     *   there is the log volume, that can be further classified as: one active log.

Reviewer: There is the active log volume.

Author: Ok I will apply it. Thank you!

> *   In the temporary volumes, temporary data, archive logs and one background archiving log are stored.

Reviewer 4: How about referring to the permanent section? It would be nice to explain temporary data and archive logs separately. And the background archiving log has no temporary characteristics as I know. I don't think there's any need to mention the background archive log. However, since it was mentioned before the revision, it cannot be removed arbitrarily. I will check the code anyway.
